[SYCL][DOC] Incorporate feedback from PR (#231)
reble/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/proposed/sycl_ext_oneapi_graph.asciidoc

If a buffer created with a host data pointer is recorded as part of a submission to
a command graph, the lifetime of that host data will also be extended by taking a

> copy of that data inside the buffer. To illustrate, consider an example like this:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copy of that data inside the buffer. To illustrate, consider the following example:

```

}
----

The copy will not occur if the buffer is accessed inside the submitted command
group function with an accessor with `access_mode::write` or the `no_init`

> property.

Reviewer 2: Would prefer to use Greg's suggested wording from the https://github.com/intel/llvm/pull/5626#discussion_r12315436000 thread

> The implementation guarantees that the host memory will not be copied internally if all the commands accessing this buffer use access_mode::write or the no_init property because the host memory is not needed in these cases. Note, however, that these cases require the application to disable copy-back as described in <<buffer-limitations>>.

> above, that host memory might go out of scope before the recorded graph goes out
> of scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
above, that host memory might go out of scope before the recorded graph goes out
of scope, or before the data has been copied to the device.
```
I think it's good to include this as it's the primary motivation.

The default behavior is to always copy the host data in a case like this, but
this is not necessary if the user knows that the lifetime of the host data
outlives the lifetime of the recorded graph. If the user knows this is the

> case, he or she may use the graph::no_host_copy property to avoid the internal

Reviewer 2: would like to avoid using gendered language:
```suggestion
case, they may use the `graph::no_host_copy` property to avoid the internal
```

> copy. Users can opt-out of this behavior by passing the property `graph::no_host_copy`

Reviewer 2: It feels like we're defining `graph::no_host_copy` again in this sentence after we just defined it in the last sentence, we could probably just remove it.

> ~~Users can opt-out of this behavior by passing the property `graph::no_host_copy` to `command_graph::begin_recording()` or the constructor of the `command_graph` the commands will be recorded to~~

> copy. Users can opt-out of this behavior by passing the property `graph::no_host_copy`
> to `command_graph::begin_recording()` or the constructor of the `command_graph`
> the commands will be recorded to. Passing the property to `begin_recording()`
> will prevent host copies only for commands recorded before `end_recording()` is
> called for a given queue. Passing the property to the `command_graph` constructor
> will prevent host copies for all commands recorded to the graph.

Author: ```suggestion
copy. Passing the property to `begin_recording()` will prevent host copies only
for commands recorded before `end_recording()` is called for a given queue.
Passing the property to the `command_graph` constructor will prevent host copies
for all commands recorded to the graph.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

The implementation guarantees that the host memory will not be copied internally
if all the commands accessing this buffer use `access_mode::write` or the
`no_init` property because the host memory is not needed in these cases.
Note, however, that these cases require the application to disable copy-back
as described in <<buffer-limitations, Buffer Limitations>>.

```
